Improve docs (#385)
project-oak/oak: docs/concepts.md

messages, with a receive half and a send half that an Oak Node can read from or
write to respectively. Each half of a channel is identified by a **handle**,
which is used as a parameter to the corresponding
[host function](abi.md#host-functions) calls. Channel handles are integer values
that are specific to a particular Node (like per-process UNIX file descriptors),

> so handle value 3 for Node A identifies a different channel than handle value 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so handle value 3 for Node A may identify a different channel than handle value 3
```

Author: I added " (unless there happens to be a coincidence of numbering)" at the end of the sentence, to keep the strength of the original wording (as there's only a 1-in-2^64 chance of getting the same values for a shared channel).
